Update terminology for validated data backups (#17161)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v22.2/backup-validation.md

You can validate a [cluster](backup.html#backup-a-cluster), [database](backup.html#backup-a-database), or [table](backup.html#backup-a-table-or-view) backup with one of the following [`SHOW BACKUP`](show-backup.html) or [`RESTORE`](restore.html) statements. The three options result in increasing levels of backup validation:

1. `SHOW BACKUP ... WITH check_files`: Check that all files belonging to a backup are in the expected location in storage. See [Validate backup files](#validate-backup-files) for an example.

> 1. `RESTORE ... WITH schema_only`: Restore the schema from the backup to verify that it is valid without restoring any rows. See [Validate a backup is restorable](#validate-a-backup-is-restorable) for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `RESTORE ... WITH schema_only`: Restore the schema from the backup to verify that it is valid without restoring any rows. Refer to [Validate a Backup Is Restorable](#validate-a-backup-is-restorable) for an example.
```

> 1. `RESTORE ... WITH schema_only, verify_backup_table_data`: Run a `schema_only` restore **and** have the restore read all rows from external storage, verify checksums, and discard the rows before writing them to disk. To use `verify_backup_table_data`, you must include `schema_only` in the statement. See [Validate backup table data is restorable](#validate-backup-table-data-is-restorable) for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `RESTORE ... WITH schema_only, verify_backup_table_data`: Run a `schema_only` restore **and** have the restore read all rows from external storage, verify checksums, and discard the rows before writing them to disk. To use `verify_backup_table_data`, you must include `schema_only` in the statement. Refer to [Validate Backup Table Data Is Restorable](#validate-backup-table-data-is-restorable) for an example.
```

## Validate a backup is restorable

To validate that a backup is restorable, you can run `RESTORE` with the `schema_only` option, which will complete a restore **without** restoring any rows. This process is significantly faster than running a [regular restore](restore.html#examples) for the purposes of validation.

> A `schema_only` restore produces close to complete validation coverage on backups. However, this restore type does not read or write from any of the SST files, which store the backed-up rows. You can use `SHOW BACKUP ... WITH check_files` in addition to a `schema_only` restore to check that these SST files are present for a restore operation. Or, you can use `schema_only` in combination with `verify_backup_table_data`. See [Validate backup table data is restorable](#validate-backup-table-data-is-restorable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `schema_only` restore produces close to complete validation coverage on backups. However, this restore type does not read or write from any of the SST files, which store the backed-up rows. You can use `SHOW BACKUP ... WITH check_files` in addition to a `schema_only` restore to check that these SST files are present for a restore operation. Or, you can use `schema_only` in combination with `verify_backup_table_data`. Refer to [Validate Backup Table Data Is Restorable](#validate-backup-table-data-is-restorable).
```

(6 rows)
~~~

> You'll find the tables in place with no rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Maybe replace line 69 with: "Verify that the table schemas have been restored, but that the tables contain no rows:

> It is important to note that [full cluster restores](restore.html#full-cluster) with `schema_only` will write the system tables to disk. This provides important coverage for validation at the cluster level. Writing the system tables should not have a notable impact on the runtime of this process.

Author: Hey @msbutler, question re system tables... the issue mentions updating these to "metadata" — do we classify the system tables as metadata? I only ask because we do refer to system tables pretty frequently across the docs.

Author: So, I haven't yet changed these instances, but can update as we see best 👍

Reviewer 2: ah, if we refer to system tables elsewhere in the docs, then I'm fine keeping this paragraph as is. Thanks for flagging!

> Once you have successfully validated a cluster-level restore, the restored system tables cannot be reverted. However, you can drop the databases and tables as per the previous command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have successfully validated a cluster-level restore, the restored system tables cannot be reverted. However, you can drop the databases and tables, as shown in the previous command.
```

Author: Done

## Validate backup table data is restorable

> A restore with the `verify_backup_table_data` option will perform a [`schema_only` restore](#validate-a-backup-is-restorable) and the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A restore with the `verify_backup_table_data` option will perform a [`schema_only` restore](#validate-a-backup-is-restorable), and:
```

Author: Sure, done!

1. Read all rows from the storage location.
1. Checksum the rows to ensure they are not corrupt.
1. Discard the rows before they are written to disk.

> In comparison to `schema_only` restores, `verify_backup_table_data` also validates the backup by reading and checksumming the rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike a `schema_only` restore, a `verify_backup_table_data` restore also reads and checksums the rows to validate the backup.
```

Author: 👍 Done

RESTORE DATABASE movr FROM LATEST IN "s3://bucket?AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID={Access Key ID}&AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY={Secret Access Key}" WITH schema_only, verify_backup_table_data;
~~~

> Similarly, to just `schema_only` restores, you'll find the table schemas restored. If a file is not present or unreadable in the backup, you'll receive an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like `schema_only` restores, restoring with `verify_backup_table_data`  restores table schemas. If a file is not present or unreadable in the backup, you'll receive an error.
```

I think this belongs before line 120, to present similarities before differences. It doesn't make much sense to me to restore table data without restoring the schema first.

Author: Yes, I think that's a good argument, moved.
